Release/0.3.0 (#29)
SchleichsSalaticus/reportdaily: RELEASE.md

# Release workflow

> - [ ] Finish and merge all issues to the related release.
> - [ ] Create a release issue
> - [ ] Add a release branch in this format: release/<new version>
> - [ ] Update the Changelog.md with the new changes
> - [ ] Update the version of the project with bump2version [major|minor|patch]
> - [ ] Push your branch to github and open up a PR
> - [ ] Merge PR with main and delete the branch
> - [ ] Go to Releases and Draft a new release
> - [ ] Write the changes for the new release down
> - [ ] Publish the release

Reviewer: This looks great! I would also mention how to get all the commits between last release and current release. Furthermore, you need to tag the release.

Maybe something like this:

```suggestion
- [ ] Finish and merge all issues to the related release.
- [ ] Create a release issue
- [ ] Add a release branch in this format: release/<new version>
- [ ] Get all commits from the latest release to the current state with: git log --oneline <LAST_RELEASE>...HEAD
- [ ] Update the Changelog.md with the new changes
- [ ] Update the version of the project with bump2version [major|minor|patch]
- [ ] Push your branch to github and open up a PR
- [ ] Request a review and address all comments
- [ ] Merge PR with main and delete the branch
- [ ] Tag the new release with: git tag -a <new_version> and enter the entry from the Changelog
- [ ] Go to Releases and create a new release (reuse the new entry from the Changelog)
- [ ] Publish the release
```
